Astro 1/10 release notes (#1724)
astronomer/docs: astro/release-notes.md

**Latest CLI Version**: 1.8.4 ([Release notes](cli/release-notes.md))

> ## January 10, 2022 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## January 10, 2023 
```

### New ways to build data pipelines in the Cloud IDE

> The Astro Cloud IDE now includes updated cell types for building your data pipelines. The new and updated cell types are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following cell types have been added to the Astro Cloud IDE:
```

> - **SQL**: Runs a SQL query against a provided database connection and persists the results of the query in an XCom for use by other cells.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **SQL**: Runs a SQL query against a defined database connection and persists the results of the query in an XCom file for use by other cells.
```

> - **Warehouse SQL**: Runs a SQL query against a defined database connection and stores the results in your data warehouse.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Warehouse SQL**: Runs a SQL query against a provided database connection and stores the results in your data warehouse.
```

> - **Warehouse SQL**: Runs a SQL query against a provided database connection and stores the results in your data warehouse.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Warehouse SQL**: Runs a SQL query against a defined database connection and stores the results in your data warehouse.
```

- **Markdown**: Adds documentation to your generated DAG code.

> For more information, see [Run SQL](cloud-ide/run-sql.md) and [Document your pipeline](cloud-ide/document-pipeline.md).

Author: See https://github.com/astronomer/docs/pull/1722 for drafts of these docs.

**Latest CLI Version**: 1.8.4 ([Release notes](cli/release-notes.md))

## January 10, 2023 

### New Astro Cloud IDE cell types

The following cell types have been added to the Astro Cloud IDE:

- **SQL**: Runs a SQL query against an existing database connection and persists the results of the query in an XCom file for use by other cells. Use this cell type to run smaller queries and store the results in Airflow for quick access in other cells.
- **Warehouse SQL**: Runs a SQL query against an existing database connection and stores the results in your data warehouse. Use this cell type for data operations that require more storage and a higher level of reliability.
- **Markdown**: Adds documentation as in-line comments to your generated DAG code. Use this cell to make it easier for team members to collaborate on the same pipeline.

> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

**Latest CLI Version**: 1.8.4 ([Release notes](cli/release-notes.md))

## January 10, 2023 

### New Astro Cloud IDE cell types

> The following cell types have been added to the Astro Cloud IDE:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the Cloud IDE, you can now create tasks with the following cell types:
```

Author: This isn't quite accurate, because the Markdown cell isn't task-based

> - **SQL**: Runs a SQL query against a defined database connection and persists the results of the query in an XCom file for use by other cells. Use this cell type to run smaller queries and store the results in Airflow for quick access in other cells.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **SQL**: Runs a SQL query against an existing database connection and persists the results of the query in an XCom file for use by other cells. Use this cell type to run smaller queries and store the results in Airflow for quick access in other cells.
```

> - **Warehouse SQL**: Runs a SQL query against a provided database connection and stores the results in your data warehouse. Use this cell type for data operations that require more storage and reliability.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Warehouse SQL**: Runs a SQL query against an existing database connection and stores the results in your data warehouse. Use this cell type for data operations that require more storage and a higher level of reliability.
```

> - **Markdown**: Adds documentation to your generated DAG code. Use this cell to make it easier for team members to collaborate on the same pipeline.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Markdown**: Adds documentation as in-line comments to your generated DAG code. Use this cell to make it easier for team members to collaborate on the same pipeline.
```

For more information, see [Run SQL](cloud-ide/run-sql.md) and [Document your pipeline](cloud-ide/document-pipeline.md).

### Additional improvements

> - The default value for `AIRFLOW__SCHEDULER__DAG_DIR_LIST_INTERVAL` has been reduced from 5 minutes to 30 seconds for all Deployments regardless of Runtime version. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- To reduce the time it takes for Airflow to parse new DAG files, the default value for `AIRFLOW__SCHEDULER__DAG_DIR_LIST_INTERVAL` has been reduced from 5 minutes to 30 seconds for all Deployments regardless of Runtime version. For most users, this means that you will see new DAGs appear in the Airflow UI faster.
```
